The Drum of Deathlessness
A Prayer for the Long Life of Minling Chung Rinpoche
by Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö

om swasti
Oṃ svasti.
tsa sum dü shyal pema tötreng dang
Through the blessings of Pema Tötreng, embodiment and face of the Three Roots,
trisong bairo dechen tsogyal sok
As well as Trisong Detsen, Vairotsana, Yeshe Tsogyal and the rest,
kater rigdzin gyüpé jinlab dang
All the vidyādharas of the Kama and Terma lineages,
denpé tob kyi shipa tsal du sol
And through the power of truth, may everything be auspicious, I pray.

ngagyur do ngak zabgyé chö kyi dzö
The profound and vast Dharma treasury of the Ancient Translations' sūtra and mantra,
khyenrab sergyi drombur lek tam shing
With which the golden chest of your wisdom is replete,
tsé chen tukjé shuk kyi drang dzepa
You distribute through the force of great love and compassion—
ngawang chökyi drakpa shyabten sol
Ngawang Chökyi Drakpa, may your life remain secure.

pachen lak na dorjé tu nü tob
Since, with the power and strength of the great valiant Vajrapāṇi,
chok gi sang sum kyilkhor la shyukpé
You have entered the maṇḍala of the supreme three secrets,
nyikdü ten dro kyobpé pungnyen du
Now, to protect and guard the teachings and beings of this degenerate age,
shyabpé gyurmé yündu shyukpar sol
May your lotus feet remain steadfast long into the future.

ngé sang mindrol chö kyi gyalkhab ché
In the great dharma kingdom of maturing and liberating through the definitive secret,
tenpa rinchen shedrub gyaltsen dreng
May you raise aloft the victory banner of teaching and practising the precious teachings,
lhamin dü dé tsok nam rab chom té
Thoroughly subdue the hosts of demonic forces and asuras,
nampar gyalwa chenpor tsoshyé sol
And continue to reign victorious in great prosperity, I pray.

detar solwa tabpé tsik didak
Through an auspicious rain of blessings from the gurus, Three Roots,
jishyin drubpar lama tsa sum dang
Dharma guardians, wealth deities, treasure keepers and the rest,
chökyong norlha terdak tsok nam kyi
May all be virtuous and excellent, so that these words of prayer
jinlab tashi char gyi gelek shok
Come to be fulfilled just as I wish.

Thus, in response to a request, supported by gifts, from the supreme lord's disciple Serla Jigme
Dorje, and out of my own deep inspiration, having received the nectar of this master's
instruction, I, Jamyang Chökyi Lodrö, offered these words of aspiration. May they become
a cause for the precious guru's life to remain secure long into the future. Sarva maṅgalaṃ.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey with the generous support of the Khyentse Foundation and Tertön
Sogyal Trust, 2020.

Source: 'Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros. "smin gcung rin po che'i zhabs brtan gsol 'debs/" in
’Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros kyi gsung ’bum. 12 vols. Bir: Khyentse Labrang, 2012. W1KG12986
Vol. 3: 525–526